[Applause]
great to be here I'm doing well thank
good
is this an obi-wan beard or is this oh
just a beard it's not a practice Obi one
you know ah interests the real deal yet
cuz I've got something to shoot before I
shoot that okay but it's a little
practice it's still a little lazy beards
I see yeah you're just testing it out
see how it's going yeah and do people
like it you find that people are
reacting positively to it to the beard
yeah
people don't say much about it you know
no I think it looks good I think it's a
good looking beard thanks man yeah is it
maybe could you use it on Halloween do
you dress up for Halloween or when
you're an actor is that not something no
we really dress you really dress I mean
we're really because that's what we do
right we do it we do I've done it over
the years many very successful costumes
yeah well are you going to have one this
year this year I'm not gonna be here I
have to go away but I but I I do enjoy
it and stuff been doing it since you
know and Scotland we used to do it and
when we were kids it was different there
that wasn't trick-or-treating we called
it guising and i said yeah and you just
draw it you dressed up and you went out
and it didn't have to as I recall I mean
it's difficult remember when you're five
or six or something it didn't have to be
all bloody and horror E right it was
just you just dressed up with someone
like disguising it's guys yeah B where
it came home and you had to do a thing
you'd have to I suppose like
trick-or-treating although we didn't
know that term then you had to do a
little song or a dance or at not dance
maybe but song or poem really tell a
limerick or something and then the
person would give you a sweetie we
called a candy it's always like a talent
show and away it to Aaron it you had to
Aaron it Wow what's your creative talent
what would you do like a Sheena Easton
song or something what would happen
there maybe wow that's it very
interesting yes it is kind of
interesting the differences cuz we just
you know cuz we're Americans we assume
everybody does everything the way we do
it
massive here like it's turned into
Christmas I mean it's another Christmas
isn't it so I love that about America
that there's just saw these huge
celebrations throughout the year is that
not the case not really okay so you just
get a bunch of people dressed up as
things go now trying to get sweets
what's the best candy you would get in
Scotland do you remember like the thing
that you prized I love there was a
little bar I don't know if they still
exist but there was a little chocolate
toffee chocolate bar that was called a
Texan and it was wow I was just like
really difficult toffee to eat with with
chocolate Ryder and you would sort of
like the ticket made you look like a
Texan jerky 20 minutes to eat cuz it was
so hard to get through this topic well
it was my favorite how about that that's
always so interesting to me when these
like differently you have these
perceptions of these regions in the
United States like Texan is sitting over
there well they thought of as the Texas
I mean I guess otherwise just a cowboy
but no we had the Texan he protects it
really hard to eat how about that yeah
yeah well you look at a Texan maybe
Santa will bring you some Texas
Halloween if there's a meal being made
I'm just gonna then quite a big effort
so if you got maybe a little book so now
I want to talk about this because I know
that you've been hiding this obi-wan
Kenobi stuff you weren't able to talk
about
and I would imagine that it became
annoying it just got its got difficult I
was brought up to tell the truth and I
was in a situation where I wasn't really
allowed to write you know because the
studios and the big franchises they they
want to keep everything and rightly so
they want to keep everything very secret
and as closed as it can be and but but
at the same time there's this
overwhelming amount of speculation
online and on me and social media and
what-have-you and wherever I went for
the last 15 years people would ask me so
would you do it again and you know would
you do it once they once they started
doing spin-offs of course everyone was
like are you gonna do an OB one could
all be spin off and I was talking to
Lucasfilm and Disney about that hmm of
course they say that outright so I'd
have to go well yeah you know I'd be if
they if they wanted to do one I'd be
quite interested in doing it and it
start to look a bit like I was just
trying to get the part
uh-huh oh yeah so which another matter
of my standing was quite humiliating we
could go back through those tapes and
see what it looks like when you la you
could yeah well I'm probably hopefully
quite good at it hurt my pride because I
thought people actually think they're
considering someone else for someone
else to play the puppets so they have
this big event at Disneyland yes which
was not which was crazy right yeah I had
a William Shatner moment on there what
do you mean by that it sounds a bit like
something else doesn't it no did you
change your pants after your well you
know I never thought about that but yeah
it's a weird last thing no William
Shatner row a boat
oh the Shatner's are coming over here
open windows he had a real William
anyway no William Schine a wrote a book
called get a life where he describes
going to has I think his life was in a
difficult place a honey went to his
first are they called convention star
let's start in his case start yeah and
he was overwhelmed by this sense of love
from the people and and it changed his
life I mean he wrote this book about it
called game I you read William Shatner's
book we I can't imagine who are you out
like the airport it's worse than that
I'm ed best I'm ed best bless him who
played jar jar binks and I write ordered
it on set
we had it delivered and we would read it
on set stop just because we'd heard this
somebody I just I loved the idea of a
book by William Shatner called get a
life yeah I think we thought at that
point you know it would be funny to read
because of the snow Star Wars of it all
by knowing it turned out to be him
getting a life from the you know it
wasn't yeah but you know what the really
the message was to his fans get a life
well stop talking about Star Trek all
the time I was TJ Hooker for God's sake
yeah let's talk about anyway I went on
still watches me and Disneyland weeks
ago to announce that we're doing this
will be one thing and I walked on stage
and was greeted with that sort of
life-changing noise of of excitement and
it was just it was a big maybe this
would be a great book yes
look at you know an example come up with
a title we'll get and come back with
Ewan McGregor after this
[Applause]
[Music]
that is Ewan McGregor as we can see from
Redrum is the sequel to the shining
that's right
which doesn't yeah you play Danny the
little boy you play the little boy
growing up yes you still ride the big
wheel or no there's gonna be the shot
where I'm just closing the garage and
it's in there by the way I know the
shining is one of the great movies of
all time but I've only watched pieces of
it because I get too scared yeah
especially when I know movies really
good I steer clear of it yes cuz they're
scary I didn't watch it for I didn't
watch it for the same reason for a long
time oh really I wall before you watched
it I was I was in drama school like
looking at actors work you know and I
realized I'd avoided it because I was so
scared of it it's not a reputation of
being the most terrifying film ever made
yeah and I was when I was 12 or 13 or
something I was used to play in the pipe
school pipe band don't like the school
pipe band that was a side drummer and
the pipe band like a bagpipe band yeah
yeah oh so I was a side drummer so we
went on to it we toured for some bizarre
reason to Holland so we were there was a
place in Holland called Den Bosch and we
were there for a week playing in
different squares and I don't know what
the hell we were doing there but we're
playing our pipes no drums and the guy
that set it up on the cinema complex and
one night he thought or will enter - it
was probably just to give the teachers a
break - gone up a few points and they
they screened the movie for us all kids
children so they put us in this little
screening room in the cinema complex and
switched the lights off and it was
Halloween and chat nerds myself
[Applause]
but you're amongst other kids you scoop
your peers there's also kids who are a
bit older than us and you didn't want to
look like an idiot yeah so yeah it was
great and I was just inside I was like
how something's dad's happened to me I
think that was twelve years old
oh my god when we when we walked out the
corridor light was broken it was dark
the switch went gone and the
projectionists @ hung up a blanket all
wet in the corridor so as we walked down
it it was in the face skin what so I
never I thought I'm never watching a
horror movie again in my life what kind
of sicko projection of this way this see
this projection Wow well I was totally
put off it too because then the
Shining's reputation was there there's
no scarier film what I did watch it and
you should eventually because it's quite
I'm gonna watch it when I turn 75 I'm
gonna watch it at noon on a Saturday my
backyard the kids running around yeah
and I went blanket over my head it's
quite an extraordinary movie for many
reasons and it's not it's not a horror
film like Halloween that's something
much scarier than that because it sort
of Kubrick was doing something with your
head I don't I don't quite anyway the
most extraordinary thing about it is
that Stephen King then you know however
many years later 40 something years
later decided to write a follow-on novel
and he wanted to take the character of
Danny and some of the other themes from
the original novel and he brought this
other novel called dr. sleep which is a
brilliant book and we made the
adaptation of that and of course Mike
Flanagan the very brilliant talented
young director had a very tricky job of
pleasing these two camps because there
were the fact there are and there will
always be the fans of Kubrick's movie
mm-hm and then there are the fans of
Stephen King's novel The Shining and he
made some quite bold changes to it oh
really
Kubrick did so that's in trouble
famously King never already liked that
400 even counting Rockets so there was
so Mike managed to make this sequel and
I think my only concern about it was how
are you gonna hurry
gonna please both of these camps you
know because yeah but he does he does it
very cleverly and very beautifully I
know you won't know because you haven't
he'll never know I'll never know he does
something but I take your word for that
one thing of our film that else that
will appease the the Stephen King fans
who were aggrieved with Kubrick I think
very nice well it's very good to see you
everybody it's called dr. sleep it opens
the theaters November 8 hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel an evil wizard has trapped me
inside this YouTube video click
subscribe to help me escape